I am planning to move to new apartment located in Berlin on 22 September.
How Can I renew my insurance ?
I have bought a new apartment in Berlin located at Priesterweg 44.
The size of the apartment is 200 square meters.
How can I buy a new insurance ?I am moving in last week of November to Rabindranath-Tagore-Straße, the size of my new aparatment is areond 150 square meteres.
How can I renew my license ?
I want to renew my house insurance for my new apartement, 50 square meters in size, located at Buchhorster Straße 36, Berlin.
Could you help me with the change in prices of my house insurance?
I have bought a new house in Schönstedtstraße 34, Berlin where I will move by 20 November.
I want to know price of house insurance for my new apartment at Waghäuseler Straße, Berlin.
I intend to buy a new house at Dreysestraße, Berlin 500 square meters, what will be my new house insurance prices.
I am moving to a new apartment in Saargemünder Straße, Berlin.
What would be my new insurance price ?
What will be my new house insurance price, when I move from Erpeweg 54 , Berlin to Bernhardstraße, Berlin.
The new apartmment is 150 square meteres in size.
I want to move to a new home located in Damerauer Allee, Berlin in 4 weeks.
The appartment has an area of 80 square metres.
What will bw my new insurance price ?
I am moving from old house in Berliner Strasse to new house in Kurt Schumacher Strasse 16 on 25th December.
Can I get an insurance for my new 500 sq. meters house ?
I need to move from Unter den Linden to Saarbrücker Strasse 21.
Can you help me in getting an insurance ?
Can you find me an insurance starting next week for a new house in Berlin?
I am in urgent need to be insured about my new big 300 meters squares house on BorodinStrasse starting 1st JanuaryAssist me in getting insured from mid september this year.
I just moved to Straße 234. Am I covered with my insurance ?
I am moving out from Berlin to London.
Am I still covered in the insurance? I have my new tenant from next week in my current house.
Some details : Area 70 m2 and Location: Taufsteinweg 21, 11023 Berlin, Germany.
Urgently need to renew my insurance.
Can you help?
43sq m. Sterndann 22, Berlin.
Oh sorry, Sterndamm.
Hello, I will move to a new address: Ifflandstraße 11 in Berlin.
The area of the new apartment is 80 s.m. and I will move on the next month.
Therefore I need info about a new insurance, thank you, Bye.
Good morning, I am contacting you to get information about a new house Insurance.
I will move in January to Taubenstraße 24, 10117 Berlin in a 150 square meters flat.
Thank you very much, have a nice day.
Hi I am contacting you because you made a mistake with my address.
Next month I will go to live in Wönnichstraße, not in Weitlingstraße.
This is the third time that I am trying to contact you!
I want to break the contract for the apartment in Josef Orlopp Straße 48 as soon as possible, and in any case not after 31/12/2017!
Good evening.
Actually I have a contract with you for a single house of 200 square meters in Mitte, Berlin and I pay 100 euro per year.
I want to know how much I will pay if I'll move in Wedding to a bigger house of approximately 150 sm.
Thank you, bye.
Hi dear insurer, I noticed that from the start of the last month the amount for my insurance increased by 50 euros.
Can you please tell me wy that happened?
I still live in the same appartment in Karl-Marx-Straße 159, 12043 Berlin.
Hello, I am thinking about to move in Mitte the next year.
Maybe near Alexanderplatz.
Can you tell me if in that case I can move my insurance to the new home?
I will not take an house bigger than 100m2.
Thank you, bye.
I am very upset because you didn't want to make a special price for my appartment in Jasmunder str.
After all I am your customer since January 1982, I still lived in DDR!
